Let's start the video.
m4 Walker Bulldog is a light-crane, but based on quick maneuvering and attack power,
This can help you move quickly where you need help
2 Overall orientation is prevalent. If you look at the current situation
The earthquake is annihilated by the aliens and you can see the occupation hierarchy window
I will move to prevent this.
It's because of the fastest speed because of the self -cup.
I went crazy and did not get to me fast and fell downwards.
I can see the rear view and support it quickly .
Unfortunately, I failed. I can see seven days.
I put it in once.
Here ally suited to write a nearing to the front and baby
I'll run quickly.
Table 6 Typical attacks after c type thrashing
Reset signature coloring
I easily heard coming
I did it once.
Tom is there.
Unfortunately, the last shot did not fail
After the video starts here , m41 Walker Blue sleeps.
It's the situation with 10 guns .
Even though it's a classic gun, it has a lot of shells in one clip.
A piece of work to do not much
The attack is fast and powerful, and the response to the tanks that follow
That's the advantage.
Because of the failure of the chaff of the tram
m41 Walkerbloom can take part in battle for reloading time in about 36 seconds
I will not
But there is one more vehicle to support the ally, so we need to move quickly.
There is not
The Aja-tanks are in the public domain.
However, because the enemy has fired, it is defenseless during reloading time.
Although the Azzie M Walker Bulldog 2 did not finish sleeping,
I'll get the enemy tank
But that party is intensifying enemy tanks attacked a hiding to avoid the other train your Giro
Walker bulldog moves faster than m than that
It was 3 trillion won
It succeeded in receiving the attack of access to the prefecture in this way
m41 Walker Bulldog is a light vehicle
In the calculation of two main parts of ah
There is a role of enemy,
It is also possible to take advantage of the fact that there is no enemy on the frontline,
How does it work itself?
Now it looks clear. Because the street of the enemy tank is now a little closer.
Moving the train back a little more , it is not qualified to be found clearly from the enemy
I'll try.
m41 Walker Bulldog's Hill Having a quick address to the stocking address can help you
Little that can be safely applied due to the fast continuous shooting 10 feet
If you fit
It can do more damage than a medium-sized heavy tank
But usually ,
Not a strong honor in battle
Most of the battles are left to the friendly
You will receive reconnaissance assistance.
m4's walker block is also aggressive
It is only for the powerful self, but the actual battle begins
It is recommended that you do forsake this Whippet arrested gameplay
Now ever so often find pool
To defeat them.
I do not know exactly one side.
I drilled it coolly .
I attacked.
After that, I watched invisibly.
Chair and turn sleeping boyija
I'll take the promise to the wall.
Increasingly gm
I moved a little bit like this
When pointed out to discover enemy
Upon discovery of the approach
In a way that awaits a friendly full support shot
You can proceed.
1 operator found
You can defeat enemy tanks with the support fire of sub- division
U
Oh well , you can win over the evil driver or enemy tanks fighting power.
When you reach the step
Light traction This is where I think it's safe without a great crowd
It is also the method of occupation
Whippet referred the case to try the occupation Main Battle Tank is a significant move covers the wire
Urgent cases geureotjanahdo Cause gonna enemy in a disadvantageous situation
Let me put it together.
m4 Walker Bulldog is a light-duty vehicle that uses a high-speed fast stop
Supportive attack is possible and with high instantaneous firepower
That is as good as the activity of the higher level of streetcar
When you move alone, gradually you cry together. When you move
Focus on supporting attacks
You will also be easier to remove low-grade highly poisonous to the m41 Walker fire
Let's do the actual video here.
Look thank you for coming
U